---
description: There are the following program statuses;
---

# Program Statuses

<table><thead><tr><th width="353">Status</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><h4>Draft</h4></td><td><p>You have saved the program as a draft. You can edit “Draft” programs at any time.</p><p><br>Your program is visible only to your team members and Remedy triagers at this stage.</p></td></tr><tr><td><h4>In review</h4></td><td><p>The Remedy team is currently reviewing your program. Our specialists conduct a thorough review and provide valuable feedback, ensuring a successful launch.</p><p> Typically, the review process takes 12 working days.<br>Your account manager will inform you once the program is reviewed.  <br></p><p>Your program is visible only to your team members and Remedy triagers at this stage.</p></td></tr><tr><td><h4>Reviewed</h4></td><td><p>Your program has been successfully reviewed. You can launch/schedule it from the program page.<br></p><p>Your program is visible only to your team members and Remedy triagers at this stage.</p></td></tr><tr><td><h4>Scheduled</h4></td><td><p>The program is scheduled and will go live on the specified date. </p><p></p><p>Your program is visible only to your team members and Remedy triagers at this stage.</p></td></tr><tr><td><h4>Active</h4></td><td><p>The program is active and listed on the Remedy platform. </p><p></p><p>At this stage, security researchers can view and submit reports to your program. <br>Programs under the “Active” status are visible and accessible to all users and visitors of the Remedy platform. </p></td></tr><tr><td><h4>Expired</h4></td><td>The program was expired. <br>Please get in touch with your account manager to reactivate it.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>On-hold</strong></td><td><p>The program is currently on hold. </p><p>Please get in touch with your account manager to reactivate it.</p></td></tr></tbody></table>
